How dare you two insult my daughter like this again
He'll be in a wheelchair for the rest of his life
How dare you!
Master Beast is here, how dare you be so presumptuous
Come on, come on.
Aren't you very good at fighting?
Hit me if you can
I think you can be the face of the beast master
Break my legs if you can.
You are the devil
I see you look a little familiar
Don't get close to us, Lord Beast
Should you say in your next sentence that you know Master Beast?
I asked to get acquainted when I was drinking before
Hmph, I want to ask the beast master to let you go, hahaha.
No.
I remember you were there at KTV yesterday
You even cleaned my food stall
Presumptuous, do you know what you're talking about?
Little cripple, is your father crazy?
He also dared to say that the young master worked in his food stall
Why didn't he say it?
Master Tiger is also working in his food stall.
You were right.
Tiger did cook at my dad's place before
I heard the craftsmanship is not bad, it's really good
Before, your Uncle Tiger was a chef in a hotel
Crazy, even our Tiger Lord dares to choreograph
Young Master, this person is simply a great compliment to you.
Even Lord Tiger dares to choreograph
The young master also asked you to kill him
You asked me to kill him
Of course sir
He even dares to choreograph
This is an insult to our Heaven and Earth Alliance
Ah, what the hell are you?
Dare to say that our Heaven and Earth Alliance